# Hola doc

This is a template engine to generate documentation for hola.cloud services.

This project is important because documentation plays a relevant role in
the adoption of the platform.

## Requirements

The requirements are as follows:

The documentation system is a hierarchy of documents.

It can supports multiple versions and multiple languages.

Documents will be stored as "source" in a convenient way but later will be
exported as a set of static html files.

It should support http examples (in a common specific format) each example can be
automatically translated to different programming languages or commands (curl,
javascript, golang, php, etc).

References to images will be automatically resized and formatted.

Code snippets should also be pretty printed and hightlighted

## Specific details

### Name convention

If a file or directory contains parts splitted by `_` it can be interpreted as:

* first part is always the document title.
* language: `en`, `es`
* version: v[number]+(.number)?+(.number)?

### Tags preprocessing

* `title` the tag is removed and placed into the final html
  * or to make things simpler, just use `<h1>` and use its value as title 
* `img` the tag is removed, placed into the final html surrounded by figure and with a figcaption = img.alt
* `example` the tag is replaced by an example code component (multiple languages, copy button)
* `code` the tag is replaced by pretty printed code + copy button
* `heading h1-h6` are replaced by anchored version :D


### Version control

If a newer version already exists, it shows a banner and a link to the newer version.
If the document of a newer version stays the same, it shows in a banner (unchanged since vXXX)

## Layout

Here is an exapmle (generated by gpt4): https://www.treeweb.es/ShareCode/preview/5c746dea9fb4d6acd0f5ef471688f628

As you can see, it has several parts:

* Top bar: logo + version selector + language selector
* left side: search box + tree hierarchy
* center: the actual content
* right side: index of the actual content

